the Canadian banking system is at a high
risk right now globally the water seemed
rather calm with us performance seeming
to be improving and the stock market
giving hope to the rest of the world
that better times are ahead look just to
the north however and the picture shows
that these waters are quite murky Canada
is completely rotten and with just a
little push the entire financial and
housing sectors could be eviscerated at
a rapid pace you came here for the truth
today we are going to look at bombshell
news I'm going to bring you this
hard-hitting back showing you how really
really weak the financial sector and by
extension the housing sector is in
Canada let's begin with a little bit of
introductory information just before I
start into the deep part hitting
analysis and you need to introduce it
first we'll hang in there I know the
font is really small but I just covered
just a couple points here we go we're
looking at the bins okay this is the biz
their own report and this is the Bank
for International Settlements sometimes
referred to as the central bank of
central banks so in this report they
suggested under more stressed conditions
a 250 basis point increase in rates
which is not far-fetched at all and
assuming a hundred percent pass through
the numbers points to potential risks in
Canada and there's more to it but
essentially what they're saying is with
as little as a 250 basis point increase
Canada is one country that they're
pointing to we've heard some of this
information before
but there are risks that there are
cracks which have appeared but I'll show
you why
Canada's banking system is under a
deadly risky but I'll show you the facts
let's get into this
one more thing this is an article out of
The Huffington Post from a few years ago
talking about Zero Hedge of all things
and how silly they're making it seem
since the financial crisis of 2008
Canada's banks have become the darlings
of the financial world lauded by experts
and observers for weathering the global
storm not true arguably better than
banks anywhere else in the world I say
this isn't true because we know
specifically during the audit of the
Federal Reserve that the Canadian bank
did in fact it's proof Bloomberg
actually got the reports it said that
all the major banks in Canada received a
bailout from not the Bank of Canada but
the central bank of the United States a
Federal Reserve and then basically says
that according to Zero Hedge the
Canadian banks face potential
catastrophe there is one place that has
been very much insulated from the
whipping of the market and one place
where banks are potentially in just as
bad shape as anywhere else in Europe and
that place is Canada saying that and
this is important tangible common equity
ratio a measure of the bank's ability to
absorb losses is at a very critical
stage and that was a few years ago major
banks have a TCE ratio of below 4%
meaning the banks could be insolvent if
their assets lose more than 4 percent of
their value 4 percent think about that
that means let's just say argument's
sake 4 percent of the people go in to
pull their money out
that's it now the total assets are a lot
more than just the depositors but I'm
just trying to make a point four percent
isn't much at all that's why bank runs
are very frightening to any bank or the
whole establishment they get real scared
real quick and that's why they shut the
doors that's why they implement capital
controls how many times does this have
to happen in all these different
countries before people start freaking
out here it is big news this is
bombshell news when you look around the
world and look at the financial sectors
you tend to look at the United States
and say look how much debt they have or
you look at Europe and say and look at
the debt ratios that they have nobody
ever looks to Canada and said look how
bad the scenario has become and in fact
on this channel you'll hear it every
single time I could find a piece of
information I have a lot of Canadian
friends out there listening right now
who are they know the truth they know
how about it is they say please give us
more information here it is let's get
into it Canada right here there are four
factors which the biz looked at okay
very important credit to GDP gap
property price gap the debt service
ratio also known as DSR DSR if interest
rates rise at 250 basis points okay I'm
three of the four factors Canada is in
this critical category three of four and
it's closing in on fourth when you
compare that to other other regions
whether that's you know Italy whether
you're looking at Spain anything you'll
see that they're not in this critical
and I mean this is just one example of
course you're looking at four different
indicators and not as the whole big
picture but in these four indicators
Canada
has a very very high risk scenario
approaching you look at the prices of
property at this time you look at the
amount of debt that people are taking on
households that versus their income then
you look at the income that people make
versus the ratio versus the cost of
housing then you look at the rental
prices also very high you have to factor
in that starting wages people coming out
of school they're beginning wages are
declining as the years go on
you're also finding that there are less
manufacturing jobs less high-paying jobs
and more service-oriented jobs that are
in fact lower paying you add that into
increased expenditures from food and
from electricity you have to realize all
of this stuff is piling up that is
piling up on a national level provincial
/ state level depending on where you're
seeing this and then you find we see
something like this when the Canadian
banks needed a bailout or maybe they
didn't need it maybe it was all part of
a more sinister climb getting a bailout
from the Federal Reserve and there's no
possible resolution because if
individuals start catching on four
percent of the assets disappear the
banks collapse can they withstand a bank
run even a moderate one no absolutely
not
so shut the doors I'll call a bank
holiday and we'll revalue the currency
they will bail in people's accounts and
this is what I worry about the bail in
regime
I specifically read it to you in both
the 2013 report out of Canada and the
2016 as well then you go to Brisbane
Australia 2014
my memory serves me correctly where the
g20 met there and they said we will
implement a global bail-in policy and
then all the countries have to go back
to their own and start to make the laws
implement these regulations and laws and
everything else that put in place to say
we're not going to do any more bailouts
but in fact we will do bail-ins
and surely bondholders may take a hit
but at the same time individual
depositors will have to take a hit as
well this is what worries me when you
see three factors being very high-risk
you have the laws put into place a
bail-in regime you have the example of
it taking place in Cyprus then you have
Greece for example where individuals
will lock that other accounts for a
period of time then they can only get
little pieces at a time you're brewing
the perfect storm so I'm very concerned
right now for the Canadian banking
system have you ever heard of me talk
about that before it's not just the u.s.
is not just Europe but we are
experiencing this globally let's look at
Canada today though then we get into the
news that I have been hinting at that
I've been talking about over the years
now I have a perfect perfect example
that I will be referencing for the
foreseeable future this is criminal
this is corrupt and this is exactly why
you don't trust anybody you don't trust
particularly the banking system we are
talking about what was done TD Bank
specifically that were committing
illegal acts and they are now caught
red-handed
three TD Bank Group employees are
speaking out about what they say is
incredible pressure to squeeze profits
from customers by signing
for products and services they don't
meet on one level sounds bad but it
sounds small sounds like a small-time
thing alright well it was found out CBC
has this program called go public and
there are many individuals speaking up
against what has happened a long time
employees say their jobs that become
similar to that of stereotypical
used-car salesmen they trying to upsell
trying to increase revenue corporate
profits always so let's get to this
they're trying to meet these unrealistic
quarterly goals quarterly always because
the same with the corporate profits
right they need to show that to impress
the shareholders look we're doing good
we're doing good don't worry about it
but it's been intensified because of low
interest rates and banks it's it's
saying this right here the profits have
dropped and banks became required after
the 2008 financial crisis to keep more
capital on hand to protect against the
downturn in the market and you can't go
out and gamble with all that money you
got to keep a few dollars in your vault
I'm sorry a few dollars I'm in survival
mode right now this person saying
they've been there for 15 years and this
is what it comes down through something
that I talked about in my first book
because it's a choice between keeping my
job and feeding my family or doing
what's right for the customer so think
about that the ethical thing here
obviously and then you have to you know
become realistic for a moment if a
person wants their job if a person wants
to make more money they are going to
sell the products and services which get
them more money that they're following a
line that they're doing everything
according to what they're being told and
that's just the way it is if a financial
adviser knows that he's going to get
paid
more for putting you in a particular
fund versus another fund even though
that fund he believes may perform better
he's going to do what he has to do for
family and to some degree you know most
people would do the same thing but this
isn't the way that you as the customer
would like to have that be the way
things are that's what one of the big
reasons when I wrote my first book and
why I put emphasis on that in my first
book specifically because people are
uneducated so they go to the banking
system and they say look financial
advisor please help me with my money
well that's got to stop those days have
to be over then we get deeper financial
advisors also admit deceit so it's not
just these three disgruntled employees
going and turns a tattletale on their
bosses that's not what this is TD
employees tell go public the pressure to
deceive customers extend beyond the
frontline staff to workers handling
wealth management we do it because our
jobs are at stake that's one a financial
advisor in Ontario of course they wanted
to Rene remain anonymous she admits she
acted in her check us out look at this
in her own interest rather than that of
the clients after being put on a
performance improvement plan and
basically that says if you don't do
better you get fired this is what they
do so that they can fire people in a
longer-term scenario and they don't have
to you know pay any severance or
anything like this because they can say
we tried to help the person you know we
try to do we had to they we gave them a
year they didn't improve we fired them
it's ultimately a way that they can save
a few bucks I have invested clients
savings into funds this is the before I
sentence this is what I have said since
my very first videos I talked
this specifically and then I even
mention it in the book I have invested
clients savings into funds which were
not suitable because the sales revenue
pressure that's very difficult to admit
I don't do this lightly I was forced to
lie to customers
this is bombshell news this is huge
this isn't some hearsay these are
individuals coming out and speaking up
against the policies of the banks this
isn't me doing an analysis on that I'm
reading you the information from these
people this is what has been going on
for a long time look it's no lie that
those financial advisors receive
benefits for selling certain funds
versus others that's a fact now of
course you would expect that they would
have your best interest in mind but that
isn't the case look at this this is the
proof that we need we don't need these
financial advisors what we need is to
take everything that we can we need to
learn it we need to break it down we to
analyze it and we need to use what we
have to then protect ourselves let's
look at this from my new book I believe
this is so relevant this is right near
the end of the book where I say first
and foremost take your savings out of
the bank and put it in to real assets
once again your money is used to fuel
the banksters and their grip on the
future of your savings you have to
understand when you put your money into
any one of these organizations when you
put it into the stock market when you
put it into financial instruments
whether that's your so-called guaranteed
investments your fixed income your
stocks bonds Treasuries you're investing
in ETF
you're investing in anything you're
supporting the system do what you want
whatever it is that you desire you
should do that I'm just saying the fact
that these technocratic elite that these
globalist they are using your own
savings your own wealth as a means to
strangle you to try and bring you into
poverty you may see yourself as gaining
but ultimately every dollar you put in
that system you're fueling it you're
funding it and it is designed to make
you a slave if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
remember that this is the bomb show news
you don't get in the mainstream media
this mainstream media news will get
pushed to the very very back and it will
be forgotten but this video will be
remembered forever last but not least if
you found the video informative I know
you'll find my book the money GPS even
more informative so you can actually
look through the book go over to Amazon
where they have a look inside feature
that will allow you to flip through the
pages of the book and see if you like it
take care